---
layout: post
title: Week of April 2th
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week was mostly spend working on the Darwin project. It took up all of my time. We finally finished the implementation on Wednesday, only to have it timeout on the last Hackerrank test. We couldn’t figure out how to make it faster until I went to lab hours and spoke with a TA. Once I figured out what to do, I had to pull an all-nighter on Wednesday just to finish implementing it. We did get it working and turned it in right before the deadline. 

## What's in your way

I have a ton of stuff to do next week, and I don’t think I will have enough time to get it all done comfortably. I have not prepared enough for my interview with SailPoint on Tuesday, so that is also adding some stress. 

## What will you do next week?

This week I will be preparing for my SailPoint interview and hopefully I will hear back from USAA. I will be writing an essay and creating a presentation for my security class, as well as starting an email spoofing assignment. The next project will also be assigned for this course, so I will probably find a partner and begin work on that. On top of that, I have a detailed project outline due for Cyberphysical Systems, and our group hasn’t even started the project. This week, and probably the one after, will be rough. 

## What's my experience of the class?

As always, I am really enjoying the class. This week we talked about the different types of containers in C++ and what data structures they are implemented with. This conversation was really interesting, and it inspired me to brush up on my data structures knowledge, as it seems I didn’t learn enough about them during 314. 

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip of the week is if you happen to be stuck on an assignment in the course (or any course really), remember that the TA’s exist for this reason. Without the lab hours on Wednesday, I would not have figured out what to do for Darwin. Taking the time to talk out the implementation with a peer that knows more than you do can lead you to better understanding how and why something needs to be done. 
