---
layout: post
title: Week of Jan 22nd
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week I have gotten settled into all of my courses. As for this class specifically I haven't gotten as much done as I had anticpated over the week. I wanted to to get started on Collatz, but I really didn't get that far. I've only set up the github repos and connected them to Travis CI. Outside of school, I've just been playing a lot of Zelda while I wait for school to really set in.

## What's in your way?

As far as I'm concerned nothing is in my way, aside from maybe catching up on some reading for classes. I've recently cleaned up my resume and I'm going to start preparing for job interviews for a summer internship, so that feels pretty good. I know it sounds crazy, but I find myself wanting more school work to keep myself busy. This is probably because I've just had so much free time over the break, but it's good to feel motivated.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I will begin catching up on the readings for this course, since I seem to have put that off over this past week. If I don't catch up this week then I'll fall so far behind that it would be hell to catch up quickly. I also really need to get to work on Collatz, although I'm not too worried because I don't think it will take more than an afternoon or so. Since I have done it before it's just about learning C++, which should be fairly easy. However, since I missed the first day or two of class, I didn't know how input and output wokred in C++, and I find the << syntax usual but elegant. Finally, I'll be writing another blog post.

## What's my experience of the class?

I was happy with the lecture this Friday, as it was new material that I hadn't seen before and it answered a few questions I had from looking at the Collatz code. Right before class I had been looking at the TestCollatz file and wondered what framework he was using. Then in class he covered the Goolge Test framework and answered all of my questions. This definitely gives me hope that the lectures on C++ will at least somewhat coincide with the projects. Overall, the class has been very pleasant. 

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick of the week is Homebrew. Homebrew is a package manager for macOS.
