---
layout: post
title: Week of April 9th
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week was mostly spent working on the Life project. After some initial humps in my understanding of inheritance and abstract classes, I think I finally have a grasp of how to complete this assignment with good OOP conventions. I had my first technical interview this past week. I thought it went decently, and then a couple hours later, SailPoint called me and said that I received the position! So, it’s great to have an internship lined up for the summer. 

## What's in your way

Once again, I have a ton of stuff to do next week, and I don’t think I will have enough time to get it all done comfortably. I have two assignments due for my security course that I have no idea how to even begin to do them, so that will be a struggle.

## What will you do next week?

This week I will be doing a number of things. On Monday, I have a presentation to give in my security course. On Tuesday, I have to continue working on the final project for Cyberphysical systems, which we are having trouble getting started with. On Wednesday, I have an email spoofing assignment due for security (which my group has not started). On Thursday, more work for Cyberphysical systems, and the Life project is due. Finally, on Friday I have an implementation of AES due for security (which also hasn’t been started). Needless to say, this next week is going to be difficult. 

## What's my experience of the class?

This class is still very enjoyable. This week we learned about inheritance and static/dynamic binding of functions. I thought it was interesting that C++ exhibits static binding by default, and that the virtual keyword enables dynamic binding. I had always thought that dynamic binding would be standard for OOP languages, given that method overriding and overloading are so prevalent.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Codefights. This website is similar to any in-browser coding challenge site like HackerRank, but this site has a specific section for technical interview questions. By doing more basic challenges, you gain points which can unlock hints for the questions. The questions were hard for me to complete, and that’s exactly what I was looking for in terms of interview prep questions. 
